doc: terminology cleanup in HLD startup (#6773)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/developer-guides/hld/hv-startup.rst

:numref:`hvstart-nativeflow`. Here is a short
description for the flow:

-  **BSP Startup:** The starting point for the bootstrap processor.

-  **Relocation**: Relocate the hypervisor image if the hypervisor image
   is not placed at the assumed base address.

-  **UART Init:** Initialize a pre-configured UART device used
   as the base physical console for HV and Service VM.

-  **Memory Init:** Initialize memory type and cache policy, and create
   MMU page table mapping for HV.

-  **Scheduler Init:** Initialize the scheduler framework, which provides the
   capability to switch different threads (such as vcpu vs. idle thread) on a
   physical CPU, and to support CPU sharing.

-  **Interrupt Init:** Initialize interrupts and exceptions for native HV
   including IDT and ``do_IRQ`` infrastructure; a timer interrupt
   framework is then built. The native/physical interrupts will go
   through this ``do_IRQ`` infrastructure then distribute to special
   targets (HV or VMs).

> -  **Start AP:** BSP kicks ``INIT-SIPI-SIPI`` IPI sequence to start other

Reviewer: kick is not a good term to use

```suggestion
-  **Start AP:** BSP triggers the``INIT-SIPI-SIPI`` IPI sequence to start other
```

(refer to :ref:`VCPU_lifecycle` for details), waiting for any vCPU to be
scheduled to them.

:numref:`hvstart-vmflow` illustrates a high-level execution flow of creating and
launching a VM, applicable to pre-launched User VMs, Service VM, and
post-launched User VMs. One major difference in the creation of post-launched
User VMs vs. pre-launched User VMs or Service VM is that the pre-launched User
VMs and Service VM are created by the hypervisor, while post-launched User VMs
are created by the Device Model (DM) in the Service VM. The main steps include:

-  **Create VM**: A VM structure is allocated and initialized. A unique
   VM ID is picked, EPT is initialized, e820 table for this VM is prepared,
   I/O bitmap is set up, virtual PIC/IOAPIC/PCI/UART is initialized, EPC for
   virtual SGX is prepared, guest PM IO is set up, IOMMU for PT dev support
   is enabled, virtual CPUID entries are filled, and vCPUs configured in this VM's
   ``vm config`` are prepared. For a post-launched User VM, the EPT page table
   and e820 table are prepared by the DM instead of the hypervisor.

-  **Prepare vCPUs:** Create the vCPUs, assign the physical processor the vCPU

>    is pinned to, a unique-per-VM vCPU ID and a globally unique VPID, initialize

Author: @dbkinder @fitchbe What does "a unique-per-VM vCPU ID and a globally unique VPID" mean -- seems like it's missing a verb?

Reviewer 2: I'll bet it was meant as a parenthetical commenting on the specifics RE assigning "the physical processor [that] the vCPU is pinned to".

   its virtual lapic and MTRR, and set up its vCPU thread object for vCPU
   scheduling. The vCPU number and affinity are defined in the corresponding
   ``vm config`` for this VM.

-  **Build vACPI:** For the Service VM, the hypervisor customizes a virtual ACPI
   table based on the native ACPI table (this is in the TODO). For a
   pre-launched User VM, the hypervisor builds a simple ACPI table with
   necessary information such as MADT. For a post-launched User VM, the DM
   builds its ACPI table dynamically.

-  **SW Load:** Prepare for each VM's SW configuration according to guest OS
   requirements, which may include kernel entry address, ramdisk address,
   bootargs, or zero page for launching bzImage. This is done by the hypervisor
   for pre-launched User VMs or Service VM, and the VM will start from the
   standard real mode or protected mode which is not related to the native
   environment. For post-launched User VMs, the VM's SW configuration is done by

>    DM.

Reviewer 2: Optional: "SW" --> "software". ("HW" and "SW" seem like the author was just in a hurry.) Also, suggested punctuation changes: "This is done by the hypervisor for pre-launched User VMs or Service VM. The VM will start from the standard real mode or protected mode, which is not related to the native environment."

> -  **Start VM:** The vBSP of vCPUs in this VM is kick to do schedule.

Author: @dbkinder @fitchbe What does "... is kick to do schedule" mean? Needs to be reworded?

Reviewer 2: There are a bunch of instances of "kick" in the ACRN documentation, so I assumed everyone but me knew what it meant. One example: "As the vBSP will kick to run [the] virtual bootloader (OVMF)…" I'm guessing that here it should be "is kicked". (But I have no idea what it means.)

> -  **Start VM:** The vBSP of vCPUs in this VM is kick to do schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Start VM:** The vBSP of vCPUs in this VM is triggered to start scheduling.
```

-  **Schedule vCPUs:** The vCPUs are scheduled to the corresponding
   physical processors for execution.

-  **Init VMCS:** Initialize vCPU's VMCS for its host state, guest
   state, execution control, entry control, and exit control. It's
   the last configuration before vCPU runs.

> -  **vCPU thread:** vCPU kicks out to run. For vBSP of vCPUs, it will

Author: @dbkinder @fitchbe What does "...kicks out to run" mean? Needs to be reworded?

Reviewer 2: It appears that a "kick event" is some kind of trigger in the world of hypervisors. I wonder whether we should ask Geoffroy for guidance on standardizing how we use the term.

> -  **vCPU thread:** vCPU kicks out to run. For vBSP of vCPUs, it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **vCPU thread:** vCPU starts to run. For vBSP of vCPUs, it will
```

>    start running into kernel image which SW Load is configured; for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   start running the configured kernel image. For
```

SW configuration for Service VM (bzimage SW load as example):

-  **ACPI**: HV passes the entire ACPI table from the bootloader to the Service
   VM directly. Legacy mode is currently supported as the ACPI table
   is loaded at F-Segment.

-  **E820**: HV passes the e820 table from the bootloader through the zero page

>    after the HV reserved (32M, for example) and pre-launched User VM owned

Author: @dbkinder @fitchbe What does "after the HV reserved" mean -- seems like the sentence is missing a word?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, not sure whether it should be "is reserved" or "reserved memory". (Or something else. :-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   after the HV reserved memory (32M, for example) and pre-launched User VM owned
```

   memory is filtered out.

-  **Zero Page**: HV prepares the zero page at the high end of Service
   VM memory which is determined by the Service VM guest FIT binary build. The
   zero page includes configuration for ramdisk, bootargs, and e820
   entries. The zero page address will be set to the vBSP RSI register
   before the vCPU runs.

-  **Entry address**: HV copies the Service VM OS kernel image to
   ``kernel_load_addr``, which it can get from the ``pref_addr`` field in the
   bzimage header. The entry address will be calculated based on
   ``kernel_load_addr``, and will be set to the vBSP RIP register before the
   vCPU runs.

SW configuration for post-launched User VMs (OVMF SW load as example):

-  **ACPI**: the DM builds the virtual ACPI table and puts it at the User VM's
   F-Segment. Refer to :ref:`hld-io-emulation` for details.

-  **E820**: the DM builds the virtual E820 table and passes it to
   the virtual bootloader. Refer to :ref:`hld-io-emulation` for details.

-  **Entry address**: the DM copies the User VM OS kernel (OVMF) image to
   ``OVMF_NVSTORAGE_OFFSET`` - normally is @(4G - 2M), and sets the entry

>    address to 0xFFFFFFF0. As the vBSP will kick to run the virtual bootloader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   address to 0xFFFFFFF0. As the vBSP will trigger the virtual bootloader
```

>    (OVMF) from real mode, its CS base will be set to 0xFFFF0000, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (OVMF) to run from real mode, its CS base will be set to 0xFFFF0000, and
```
